Add http-module use example (#2479)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/http-module.md

  }
}
```

#### Full Example

> Since the return of `HttpService` is an Observable, we can use `rxjs` `firstValueFrom` or `lastValueFrom` to retrieve the data of the request for us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the return of `HttpService` is an Observable, we can use `rxjs` `firstValueFrom` or `lastValueFrom` to retrieve the data of the request in the form of a promise.
```

```typescript
import { catchError, firstValueFrom } from 'rxjs';

@Injectable()
export class CatsService {
  private readonly logger = new Logger(CatsService.name);
  constructor(private readonly httpService: HttpService) {}

  findAll(): Promise<Cat[]> {
    const { data } = await firstValueFrom(

>       this.httpService.get('http://localhost:3000/cats').pipe(

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      this.httpService.get<Cat[]>('http://localhost:3000/cats').pipe(
```

a minor improvement

        catchError((error: AxiosError) => {
          this.logger.error(error.response.data);
          throw 'An error happened!';
        }),
      ),
    );
    return data;
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`` `

> info **Hint** Visit RxJS's documentation on [`firstValueFrom`](https://rxjs.dev/api/index/function/firstValueFrom) and [`lastValueFrom`](https://rxjs.dev/api/index/function/lastValueFrom) for differences between the two
```

Don't keep the space above, I just had to add it so GitHub wouldn't change the formatting

  }
}
```

#### Full example

> Since the return of `HttpService` is an Observable, we can use `rxjs` `firstValueFrom` or `lastValueFrom` to retrieve the data of the request in the form of a promise.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Since the return value of the `HttpService` methods is an Observable, we can use `rxjs` - `firstValueFrom` or `lastValueFrom` to retrieve the data of the request in the form of a promise.
```
